#Descriptions
> This is a handheld electromagnetic induction sealing machine. Based on electromagnetic induction to generate instant heat to fuse the aluminium foil on bottle. So the bottle is moisture-proof, leak-proof and mildew-proof and can preserve what's inside more period of time.

1. Perfect design of structure and seamless machine body.
2. Digital display and auto sealing mode.
3. Using high quality copper wire to make sealing more efficient and safe.
4. A counter with 4 digits which can count to 9999.
5. Self diagnostic LED lights which can indicates machine error.

#Instruction of Usage
1. Power on and set the right sealing time.(Usually 0.5 seconds for small foil).
2. Place the foil into the cap and screw the cap onto bottle tightly.
3. Press the red button on the sealing handle while you push against the sealing handle on the bottle's cap.
4. The machine beeped and finish the sealing.

#Specifications
- Model: F500
- Power: 500W
- Power Supply Voltage: 200V / 50Hz / 50w
- Sealing Speed: 12-30 pcs/min (based on manual proficiency)
- **Sealing Diameter: 20mm-100mm**
- Machine Size: 340mm\*290mm\*130mm
- Weight: 4.5kg

#Applications
- PE aluminium foil
- PET aluminium foil
- PP aluminium foil

#Recommendations
- Model F1000
  1. Bigger model with **sealing diameter 70mm-130mm**.
  2. This model's power is 1500w.

#Payment Methods
- Paypal, Western Union and T/T are the recommended methods of payment, let us know if you choose otherwise.
- Transfer fee will be added accordingly with different payment method.
 
#Logistics
1. DHL, UPS, FedEx, EMS, TNT, ARAMEX and etc. We will choose the most economical one for you or designate a specific one by yourself.
2. **Tracking number** will be post to you in 2 or 3 days after delivery.
 
#Feedbacks
We value any comments, suggestions from you. If you got any problem, please contact at **yasonsale#live.com**(replace # with @).

#Skype
Our official Skype account is **yasonsale#live.com**(replace # with @). We'll be online from 13:00 - 21:00 GMT+8.

#Delivery Problems
If you find damage or shortage of goods, please take some **meaningful** photos for a witness and send it to us, we'll solve it within 24 hours.

#Warranty
Typically every product got 1 year of warranty, we'll do whatever we can to assist you to solve the issue.
