#Description
> A Semi-automatic weighing and filling machine that used to quantify granular or particle stuff.

#Applications
- Dry Powder
- Small Particle
- Small Granular Stuff
- Small Electronic Component
- Small Beans

#Note
> This machine requires the raw material must be dry, small and not sticky.

#Specification
- Working Voltage: 220v or customised
- Power: 80w
- Filling Range: 10-100g
- Dispensing speed: 10-25 times/min (depends on the raw material)
- Standard Deviation: 0.1-1g (based on the raw material)
- Speed Control: Fast, Medium, Slow
- Exterior Machine Body: stainless steel design
- Interior Machine Body: stainless steel design
- Machine Size: 38\*23\*53cm
- Machine Weight: 8kg
- Hopper Volume: 5L

#Recommendations
- FZ999
  1. This is bigger model which filling range is 25-999g
  2. Hopper volume of this model is up to 40L.
  3. Suitable for filling at a large quantity.

#Payment Methods
- Paypal, Western Union and T/T are the recommended methods of payment, let us know if you choose otherwise.
- Transfer fee will be added accordingly with different payment method.
 
#Logistics
1. DHL, UPS, FedEx, EMS, TNT, ARAMEX and etc. We will choose the most economical one for you or designate a specific one by yourself.
2. **Tracking number** will be post to you in 2 or 3 days after delivery.
 
#Feedbacks
We value any comments, suggestions from you. If you got any problem, please contact at **yasonsale#live.com**(replace # with @).

#Skype
Our official Skype account is **yasonsale#live.com**(replace # with @). We'll be online from 13:00 - 21:00 GMT+8.

#Delivery Problems
If you find damage or shortage of goods, please take some **meaningful** photos for a witness and send it to us, we'll solve it within 24 hours.

#Warranty
Typically every product got 1 year of warranty, we'll do whatever we can to assist you to solve the issue.