#Description
> A numerical control liquid filling machine that can fill 3 litres per minute.

#Introduction
1. Numerically controls the pump to filling liquid uniformly and repetitively with small deviation.
2. The pump in this machine is made of corrosion resistant material.
3. Pump and motor are separated, there's no mechanical metal parts inside the pump.
4. Can work continuously in a long time of period with no problem at all.

#Note
> This machine is only suitable for filling **low viscosity, particle-free liquid**.

#Specifications:
- Voltage: AC 180V-260V (can be customised to 110V)
- Power: 30W
- Filling Range (ml): 3-3000
- Max Flow Rate (l/min): 3.2
- Package Size (mm): 400\*380\*200
- Deviation: 1%    
- Weight (kg): 5.5
- Diameter of filling nozzle: 5mm (like us know you need otherwise)

#Features
1. Stainless steel body, GMP standard.
2. Numerical control, easy to operate.
3. The pump can suck up liquid from 2 meters below through a pipe.
4. Filling accurately with anti-dripping nozzle.
5. Automatic counting, knowing how many times that you already filled.
6. Remembers your settings even after power off.

#Recommendation
- LT130 liquid filling machine.
  1. A advanced model of GFK160 which is more convenient to use with simplified control panel.
  2. Can be customised with multiple filling nozzle.
  3. Can remember how long you filled and repeat it by itself, save your time to set the filling time.
- LT1
  1. A model that can be used to fill almost any kind of liquid.
  2. Especially suitable for filling oil, acid liquid, highly corrosive liquid.
  3. Equipped with magnetic pump, this type of pump ensures precise filling.
- LT2
  1. A customised model from LT1 with two filling nozzle.
- LTR180
  1. This one is particularly designed for filling nutrition, biological, toxic, corrosive liquid.
  2. The liquid only flows in the pipe with no contact to the pump, no contamination at all.
  3. Peristaltic pump ensures precise filling with only 0.1% deviation.

#Payment Methods
- Paypal, Western Union and T/T are the recommended methods of payment, let us know if you choose otherwise.
- Transfer fee will be added accordingly with different payment method.
 
#Logistics
1. DHL, UPS, FedEx, EMS, TNT, ARAMEX and etc. We will choose the most economical one for you or designate a specific one by yourself.
2. **Tracking number** will be post to you in 2 or 3 days after delivery.
 
#Feedbacks
We value any comments, suggestions from you. If you got any problem, please contact at **yasonsale#live.com**(replace # with @).

#Skype
Our official Skype account is **yasonsale#live.com**(replace # with @). We'll be online from 13:00 - 21:00 GMT+8.

#Delivery Problems
If you find damage or shortage of goods, please take some **meaningful** photos for a witness and send it to us, we'll solve it within 24 hours.

#Warranty
Typically every product got 1 year of warranty, we'll do whatever we can to assist you to solve the issue.