#Description
> An advance model liquid filling machine with filling memory function and also can be customised with multiple filling head.

#Introduction
1. Numerically controls the pump to filling liquid uniformly and repetitively with small deviation.
2. The pump in this machine is made of corrosion resistant material.
3. Pump and motor are separated, there's no mechanical metal parts inside the pump.
4. Can work continuously in a long time of period with no problem at all.

#Note
> This machine is only suitable for filling **low viscosity, particle-free liquid**.

#How to use
> With just a button press, this machine can remember how long that it fills. So you can fill up a bottle of liquid and it will take exactly the same span of time to fill the next.

#Specifications:
- Voltage: 220V50HZ (can be customised to 110V)
- Power: 30W
- Filling Range (ml): 5-3500
- Machine Size (mm): 280\*250\*160
- Max. Flow Rate (l/min): 3.2
- Max. Sucking Distance (m): 2
- Deviation: less than 0.5%    
- Weight (kg): 5.5

#Features
1. Stainless steel body, GMP standard.
2. Numerical control, easy to operate,.
3. Can be customised with multiple filling nozzle.
4. Filling accurately with anti-dripping nozzle.
5. Automatic counting, knowing how many times that you already filled.
6. Remembers your settings even after power off.

#Recommendation
- LT1
  1. A model that can be used to fill almost any kind of liquid.
  2. Especially suitable for filling oil, acid liquid, highly corrosive liquid.
  3. Equipped with magnetic pump, this type of pump ensures precise filling.
- LT2
  1. A customised model from LT1 with two filling nozzle.
- LTR180
  1. This one is particularly designed for filling nutrition, biological, toxic, corrosive liquid.
  2. The liquid only flows in the pipe with no contact to the pump, no contamination at all.
  3. Peristaltic pump ensures precise filling with only 0.1% deviation.

#Payment Methods
- Paypal, Western Union and T/T are the recommended methods of payment, let us know if you choose otherwise.
- Transfer fee will be added accordingly with different payment method.
 
#Logistics
1. DHL, UPS, FedEx, EMS, TNT, ARAMEX and etc. We will choose the most economical one for you or designate a specific one by yourself.
2. **Tracking number** will be post to you in 2 or 3 days after delivery.
 
#Feedbacks
We value any comments, suggestions from you. If you got any problem, please contact at **yasonsale#live.com**(replace # with @).

#Skype
Our official Skype account is **yasonsale#live.com**(replace # with @). We'll be online from 13:00 - 21:00 GMT+8.

#Delivery Problems
If you find damage or shortage of goods, please take some **meaningful** photos for a witness and send it to us, we'll solve it within 24 hours.

#Warranty
Typically every product got 1 year of warranty, we'll do whatever we can to assist you to solve the issue.