#Description
> A device that can be used to counting and filling capsules or tablets.
> The frequency conversion motor of vibrator is quite, powerful and running smoothly.

#Introduction
- This machine is an advanced model SLJ-100, suitable for pharmaceutical industries on capsules, tablets, granules and other drugs or foods counting, bottling, packaging. 
- The machine is small, light weight, quite, accurate counting, easy to operate and maintain. 
- Important parts of this machine is made of stainless steel so that it will not contaminate the capsules or pills. 
- The machine adopts adjustable electromagnetic vibration to count. When you place the container or bottle under the filling spout, machine will automatically starting to count and fill. 
- Change different counting board to achieve different counting requirement.

#Notes
1. You need to specify the size of the capsule and the counting number when you buy this machine.

   For an instance, capsules size #3, 60 pieces for each counting.
2. You can always buying multiple counting board to satisfy different requirement on the counting.
3. Default working voltage for this machine is 220v, remind us if need otherwise.


#Features
- Auto feeding
- Adjustable vibration with a frequency conversion motor.
- Switchable counting board
- High accuracy 

#Applications
- Capsules, various size #00, #0, #1, #2, #3, #4.
- Pills
- Tablets

#Parameters
- Model: SLJ-200
- Counting Range (depends on actual size of capsule): 1-200
- Productivity (depends on operator's proficiency): 10-20 bottle/min
- Power: 220v/500w (can be customised to 110v)
- Size: 55×70×140(cm)
- Net Weight: 150kg

#Recommendation
####SLJ-100
- Adjustable vibration
- Lower counting capacity, only 100
- Better price, suitable for start up company

#Recommendations
- If you ever need to blend big quantity, we also got bigger model that can feed 300KG or 400L to blend. Please contact us directly.

#Payment Methods
- Paypal, Western Union and T/T are the recommended methods of payment, let us know if you choose otherwise.
- Transfer fee will be added accordingly with different payment method.
 
#Logistics
1. DHL, UPS, FedEx, EMS, TNT, ARAMEX and etc. We will choose the most economical one for you or designate a specific one by yourself.
2. **Tracking number** will be post to you in 2 or 3 days after delivery.
 
#Feedbacks
We value any comments, suggestions from you. If you got any problem, please contact at **yasonsale @ live.com**.

#Skype
Our official Skype account is **yasonsale @ live.com**. We'll be online from 13:00 - 21:00 GMT+8.

#Delivery Problems
If you find damage or shortage of goods, please take some **meaningful** photos for a witness and send it to us, we'll solve it within 24 hours.

#Warranty
Typically every product got 1 year of warranty, we'll do whatever we can to assist you to solve the issue.